hey what is up everybody lightning power
here I'm coming to you guys with an
informational video on the next grand
theft auto game Grand Theft Auto 6 and
some of my theories on what it's gonna
be based around and I'll explain to you
why so let's start out with the first
grand theft auto game well not the first
one but the first 3d grand theft auto
game grand theft auto 3 now when you
think about it the first modern Grand
Theft Auto games and I say modern
because they would be on the PlayStation
3 which is you know more modern than the
PlayStation 2 was grand theft auto 4 and
I mean grand theft auto 4 was a sequel
to grand theft auto 3 or sequel / remate
to grand theft auto 3 when you think
about it because both are in Liberty
City and both have related missions now
the next grand theft auto game to come
out which would be grand theft auto 5 on
the modern series of grand theft autos
you have grand theft auto san andreas
which when you think about it grand
theft auto 5 and san andreas are
strikingly similar to each other because
when you think about it san fierro in
san andreas would represent the Los
Santos the city portion of grand theft
auto 5 and then mount chiliad is in San
Fierro which you know would represent
the northern portion of grand theft auto
5 s terrain and then lots of interests
would kind of represent sandy shores
except sandy shores doesn't exactly have
as many casinos or really any casinos at
least not to my knowledge so when you
think about it grand theft auto 5 pretty
much compacted the two maps in San
Andreas and pretty much made them into
one and you know obviously started with
a new story so I mean when you think
about it
the the two I say older grand theft
autos being vice city three and san
andreas which r on the playstation two
have been remade or had a sequel to on
the playstation 3 the modern era of
gaming that's the term i use so when you
think about it the only other Grand
Theft Auto that they haven't remade are
made a sequel to is grand theft auto
vice city which when you look at the
pattern it seems that they are remaking
or making sequels to older grand theft
autos which leads me to believe that the
next grand theft auto game is going to
be vice city related so I mean to be
honest that will be awesome if we could
have a vice city grand theft auto with I
mean next-gen graphics multiplayer
aspect all the new vehicles you know new
handling I mean that would just be
awesome I mean I don't know if they're
going to go back to the eighties theme
in Miami but even if they do I mean
that'll be awesome so either way I'm
like ninety percent sure based on what
rockstar has been doing in the past
grand theft Oh Grand Theft Auto games
that they will be making a vice city
remake / sequel whatever but it's going
to be things around vice city and I mean
that'll be awesome I will definitely
pick that up on the xbox one or
Playstation 4 so that that just makes me
really excited cuz vice city it just
sounds like an awesome idea so those are
my theories and my thoughts on the next
grand theft auto game if you guys
enjoyed make sure to leave a like make
sure to subscribe check out my other
videos on my channel i uploaded probably
nine other things and all of them are in
HD they're all really awesome so i
highly suggest you go check them out
subscribe like those videos comment i
really enjoy people's feedback so yeah
that's all I got until next time I'm out